fix: MD037 space in emphasis (#20024)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/element/iframe/index.md

{{EmbedInteractiveExample("pages/tabbed/iframe.html", "tabbed-standard")}}

> Each embedded browsing context has its own [session history](/en-US/docs/Web/API/History) and [document](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document). The browsing context that embeds the others is called the *parent browsing context*. The *topmost* browsing context — the one with no parent — is usually the browser window, represented by the {{domxref("Window")}} object.

Reviewer: We don't want to use `*` for italics or `__` for bold.

```suggestion
Each embedded browsing context has its own [session history](/en-US/docs/Web/API/History) and [document](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document). The browsing context embedding the others is called the **parent browsing context**. The **topmost browsing context** — the one with no parent — is usually the browser window, represented by the {{domxref("Window")}} object.
```

Author: These were emphasis sections, but are now bold. Is that intended?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each embedded browsing context has its own [session history](/en-US/docs/Web/API/History) and [document](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document). The browsing context that embeds the others is called the _parent browsing context_. The _topmost_ browsing context — the one with no parent — is usually the browser window, represented by the {{domxref("Window")}} object.
```
